## 1.	Given the provided data, what are three conclusions we can draw about crowdfunding campaigns?  
  From first and second pivot table, we can see that the category of theater (and subcategory of plays) has an overwhelming lead on the number of crowdfunding campaigns compare to other categories, while “film & video” and “music” follows. We can conclude that most of the projects that need/prefer crowdfunding as means of fund generating belong to performing arts.  
  We can also see from the first pivot table that these campaigns have a 56% success rate, and this rate is pretty consistent across each individual country and each parent-category. There are, though, a few exceptions such as games, which has less than 44% of success, and journalism, which has 100% (but the sample size is too small for journalism to draw any conclusion). We may conclude that it is generally not wise to use crowdfunding for a gaming project.  
  We observe from the third pivot table that there is a spike of number of successful campaigns during June and July, whereas the number of failures or cancelations does not have a significant difference compared to other months. Although further investigations need to be made as for why campaigns launched in June and July have a higher success rate, we can classify these two months as the “hot season” for crowdfunding.   
## 2.	What are some limitations of this dataset?  

  One limitation of this dataset is that the goal and pledged amount are not being transformed into a consistent currency. It can get confusing when comparing, for example, 3000 AUD to 3000 euros. It is also hard to identify patterns by just looking at the numbers themselves, and this could even lead to inaccurate results. Therefore, I would say the first bonus sheet has little practical use because it fails to take the difference of currency into account.  
Another limitation of this dataset is that the campaigns listed as “live” each had a deadline that has already passed. It is not clear whether that the data was recorded before the deadline date or on that date while having another day as the actual deadline. But before the confusion is cleared, we are limited on how we can use the “live” campaigns as data.  
## 3.	What are some other possible tables and/or graphs that we could create, and what additional value would they provide?	
  In response to the first limitation mentioned previously, we can make another column for “value in terms of US dollar” and transform money in other currencies into USD. This will provide a way clearer idea of how much money is set as the goal and how much is generated. It also makes easier to compare the numbers and to try to find a pattern within.
It is also possible to make a chart to show the total number of campaigns and the success/failure rate over the years and add a filter by country. It can show us if crowdfunding gets more popular or not in the recent years, and which years ended up being better for these campaigns. We can further relate this information to the overall political and economic situation of the world or specific country.
Another table could be made to show the relation between the success rate of staff-picked and spotlight campaign and the ones that are not. We will be able to see whether staff-pick and spotlight has a real influence on whether the campaigns succeed or not and the total percentage of funding generated (even though I don’t know what these two labels really mean to crowdfunding campaigns).


